Software Engineering: Code of Conduct

Confidentiality:
The goal is to maintain the client(s)’ confidence and privacy at all times throughout the creation of the software so they will be inclined to use and stick with our application/program.

Objectivity:
The group will find the best possible decision and not look towards one specific idea based on which member the group likes the most.
Each member must attend each week on the Wednesday session, or let the team know if they are unable to attend, otherwise they will be given a strike once 3 strikes are hit they will be informed to the module tutor.
If a member is unable to attend a session on Wednesday they must attend all meetings for the week, otherwise resulting in a strike.

Teamwork:
Each member of the group will participate the same amount as one another, no one will do more work than others and everyone must have made an equal amount of progress as one another.
The group will have at least 3 weekly meetings in order to discuss any issues or breakthroughs for the task given which can last up to hour. Failure to attend without proper reasoning will result in a strike.
Members of the group must communicate with others clearly and discuss your thought process rather than short and curt responses.
If team members are stuck, they must communicate with the team within a week notice before the deadline otherwise it will result in a strike where if it is less than a week, the team will make an extra ememergency meeting which all parties need to attend otherwise another strike will be given to discuss and complete the issue. 

Integrity:
The group must maintain a professional and honest communication between team members and must not give false information as well as copy without giving proper recognition to the original owner of the information, failure to do so will result in a strike.
Members should not deliberately write inefficient code or bugs to later claim credit, if this is found to be the case it will result in a strike.

Meetings:
There will be a specific folder which holds all meetings to be attended, if you are unable to make it you must inform the team before hand else resulting in a strike, meetings are mandatory.

After a penalty is met, that person will receive a strike, once 3 strikes are attained, the person will be reported to the module leader.

Signed, read and agreed by: Yhari Golam (Group leader), Minh Quan Lo (Secondary Leader), Thamiliniyan Aravinthan (Scrum Master) and Azizul Islam (Product manager)
